README.rst, before:

Native namespace package example
================================

This is an example of using Native namespace packages are described here:

* https://packaging.python.org/en/latest/guides/packaging-namespace-packages/

In this example the namespace is ``nspkgs``, two examples are provided
implementing as described in the docs:

* ``nspkgs-foo``
* ``nspkgs-bar``

So basically, with the "implicit" namespace packaging introduced in Python 3.3,
it is just "do not add a ``__init__`` in ``nspkgs`` directory and use
``find_namespace_packages()`` instead of ``find_packages()`` in ``setup.py``.

Try installing them and running their associated ``example-bar.py`` and
``example-foo.py``. This covers what it does. However, one can then take things
a bit futher:

* Create a **core**/**common** package named ``nspkgs`` containing a subpackage
  with default implementation and common utilities. An example of that is
  provided in ``nspkgs-core``.

* Create a **meta** package named ``nspkgs`` with ``install-requires`` of
  ``nspkgs-foo`` and ``nspkgs-bar``. Then, the user just does ``python3 -m pip
  install nspkgs`` and all implementations are installed.

Python **namespace** packages are super convenient for various reasons. As
subsets of a larger project can have different build and runtime dependencies,
have different version numbers / updates, while still share a codebase for
common functionality.

This is example was crafted for the purpose of providing a skeleton for a
namespace package providing a C-language binding packages, with distribution
packages for ``ctypes`` and another for ``Cython``.

Commit message:

update README with description of pypa example
Signed-off-by: Simon A. F. Lund <os@safl.dk>

README.rst, after:

Native namespace package example
================================

This is an example of using Native namespace packages are described here:

* https://packaging.python.org/en/latest/guides/packaging-namespace-packages/

The documentation refers to a super simple example here:

* https://github.com/pypa/sample-namespace-packages/tree/master/native

The pypa example is great, because it is minimal, nothing to get confused
about. When experimenting with namespace packages, and writing up the example
in this repository, I had not seen the official Python Packaging Authority
(pypa) example. I wish I did. However, at the example here does a bit more, i
would recommend reating the pypa-example first then this one here.

In this example the namespace is ``nspkgs``, two examples are provided
implementing as described in the docs:

* ``nspkgs-foo``
* ``nspkgs-bar``

So basically, with the "implicit" namespace packaging introduced in Python 3.3,
it is just "do not add a ``__init__`` in ``nspkgs`` directory and use
``find_namespace_packages()`` instead of ``find_packages()`` in ``setup.py``.

Try installing them and running their associated ``example-bar.py`` and
``example-foo.py``. This covers what it does. However, one can then take things
a bit futher:

* Create a **core**/**common** package named ``nspkgs`` containing a subpackage
  with default implementation and common utilities. An example of that is
  provided in ``nspkgs-core``.

* Create a **meta** package named ``nspkgs`` with ``install-requires`` of
  ``nspkgs-foo`` and ``nspkgs-bar``. Then, the user just does ``python3 -m pip
  install nspkgs`` and all implementations are installed.

Python **namespace** packages are super convenient for various reasons. As
subsets of a larger project can have different build and runtime dependencies,
have different version numbers / updates, while still share a codebase for
common functionality.

This is example was crafted for the purpose of providing a skeleton for a
namespace package providing a C-language binding packages, with distribution
packages for ``ctypes`` and another for ``Cython``.
